pwd
system date
system cal
set msg on
set msg off
get mem info
get mim info
get mim anfo
quit
exit
bye
reconnect
restart
get client info
get server info
server listener remove zocromas.mastar.lan 5003
get server info
server quit
notify aaaaaaaaaaa
server notify aaaaaaaaaaa
notify aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify aaaaaaaaaaa
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
notify 
notify zzzzzzzz
server quit
notify zzzzzzzz
server quit
notify zzzzzzzz
notify 
server quit
notify zzzzzzzz
server quit
notify nt zzzzzzzz
server quit
notify nt zzzzzzzz
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify test aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify test aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify test aaaaaaaaaaa
server quit
notify nt aaaaaaaaaaa
server info
server quit
server info
server quit
server info
server quit
server info
server quit
bye
server quit
server info
server quit
server info
server quit
server info
server quit
server info
server quit
server info
server quit
server info
server quit
server info
server quit
server info
bye
server quit
bye
server quit
server restart
bye
server info
pwd
server quit
server info
server restart
bye
server restart
bye
server restart
bye
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server quit
server restart
server info
server quit
server restart
server quit
bye
disconnect
reconnect
bye
reconnect
pwd
reconnect
server info
reconnect
server quit
server info
reconnect
server quit
server restart
server quit
server info
server quit
bye
server quit
